OK so we have our list ready to go.
But you know we made a file that should be hosting this item.
Each item on the list and if we go to the planning we had right here we have a news component and inside
we have a component that it's handling the item itself.
So we need to just really factor a little bit.
It's going to go right here just back to the project.
OK.
So I'm going to go to the news list.
And again we just need to create a component for this.
So again we're going to say import re-act from re-act now in real life when coding when using react.
I just have snippets for this so I can just type two or three letters and I'm going to get the import
back from Briac just have a template for this.
I'm just typing on right now because I need you to do the same thing.
Just type it all and then you just can create snippets for this.
So I'm going to create a news item.
It's going to be just a stateless function and we can create news item.
Let's get it's going to be equal then we get it to fat are a function and right here we need to return
something.
So I'm going to say return and for now which is going to return a dip.
OK.
We need to export this news item and I'm going to I'm getting nervous just lemme see why.
Because he's Konst go.
I need to export this component so he can be available inside Newsless.
So OK great here.
Sport default default and then just a news item.
So this is ready.
So now inside here what are we going to do.
Just like we did with the news list we're going to make a reference to this component to this news component
and we're going to pass a props.
The item we are looking.
So this is going to save time right here and say props OK.
That is good.
Now since this component is available I need to go right here and import this component.
So I'm going to say import and then just a news item from.
And again since we're on the same directory right here we are inside the components directory because
they don't force lasht and then just use this item or get to this component.
It's ready to be used.
So I'm going to copy all of this and go to a news list item and instead of just having a day of just
going to paste it right here.
OK.
I'm getting a message that's why we are here.
So this is good.
This should be working.
It's not going to work.
I'm going to tell you in a second why it's not working right here.
Since we have a reference to a new news item we need to delete all of this and just like we did with
the other components just right here we can include the component directly from here and I'm going to
just open it close.
That is good.
Now what do we need to do.
We need to pass this child component which is going to be this one.
All the information that we are getting from them.
OK.
So we use actually do we do that pretty much the same thing.
I'm going to say item is going to be equal to and we passed the item item is going to get this one and
this is going to be the object of that news.
Okay.
Right here are going to need a key.
Remember that we need to provide a key to each item.
So I'm going to say again just item that ID and I get and that's going to work.
Now we're having a lot of messages right here.
I'm going to go back to the news list and the thing is that whenever we pass something to a child component
it's going to be it's going to receive the the the data as props.
So if I go right here just going to comment on this just to make sure I'm right here just going to return
some time today.
It's going to work but I'm just going to cancel log prompts.
So let me make this bigger.
There we go.
So.
OK.
So whenever this component is loading we're getting the props and inside props.
We have an object that's called it's called item and the item contains the information about each news
now.
So since we're using props we cannot use item.
What we need to use it's props Dant item.
And then just the information inside.
So just let me go back right here going to say prompts Dant and the same thing right here prompts darts
and props that it's going to work.
It's working just fine now with E6 there there's something and B Actually we've been doing this right
here inside component.
We can make use of destructuring whenever we pass something an object as an argument.
We can access the information inside directly from the arguments.
Right here we are receiving prompts and prompts is just an object just like this is going to be prompts
equals and then we have a child component that it can be item and it's going to have some information
inside.
So what we can do we can do this and make a reference make a reference to item.
So whenever we are receiving this object we are just catching the item instead of prompts.
The I'm sorry the item inside prompts and right here instead of making a reference to prompts which
just make a reference to item is just to save code wrote oh I'm in mistake right here.
If you read the application it's still going to work.
So this is just destructuring it's real simple if you want that you can use props and then make reference
to props not items that ID is actually up to you.
So let's add some styling to this because it's really ugly.
You're going to do something something real simple going to go to style.
Going to go right here at the bottom.
And I got to say news underscore item and then just to add I don't know maybe a painting of tiny pixels
begin to do box sizing.
There you go.
Books I'm seeing bore the blanks.
OK.
And then just a just a line at the bottom border bottom and then a bottom and then it's going to be
one pixel solid gray.
Just something simple.
Now we have this class we need to give.
We need to use this class inside the components.
So I'm going to go inside use list item and right here is inside each component.
I can assign a class.
So I'm going to delete the key because we don't need it.
We already have it inside here and I'm going to just add a class name.
So we say class name call to use item.
OK.
And that's better.
But that's fine.
So let's go to the next section.